I am responding to your recent ad for a Web Designer in iHub website. I feel that my educational and professional background in website development will prove beneficial to this position and enhance the Internet presence of your Fyndaa.

With three years experience in website content development and design for various small and mid-sized companies  at PAGEONE SEO & Online Marketing, I feel confident that my abilities would prove an asset to Fyndaa. I have collaborated with marketing and production managers and company executives to create user-friendly content and target specific audiences to increase website traffic and promote company brands.

I am proficient in the use of JavaScript, HTML5, WordPress, Joomla and CSS. I have extensive experience in working with Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and Dreamweaver. I have used these tools to successfully create webpages, banners, ads and advertising materials. In addition, I am also comfortable in the web and email hosting environment.

Highlights that I feel reflect my qualifications are included on my online proflio at ******link******:

I look forward to speaking with you in more detail about my experience and qualifications.

You can reach me through my email address above or give me a call on 0724104677.

Thank you for your consideration.













I saw your advertisement for a web designer and wanted to offer my credentials.

For the past two years I have been an assistant in a fast-paced agency environment and am eager to expand my skills with additional responsibility. At Super Cool Agency, I was able to demonstrate my creativity, my dedication to client service and my willingness to complete all tasks to be a valued member of a team.

I am proficient in the following programs: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe PageMaker, QuarkXPress, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook; and you will find my customer service skills to be just as finely honed as my diverse computer skills.

I would appreciate the opportunity to show you my portfolio and discuss in more detail the needs of the position. I have attached my resume along with references. I appreciate your consideration and am able to meet as soon as possible. I look forward to your call!

Sincerely,

 